Okay, Mr. Xu, the head of the Nangong family, is on impulse
This bride used to be Mr. Xu's girlfriend
As a result, it was later robbed by Zhao Tianhua
So what about Mr. Xu?
Be angry
What do you call him?
What about Mr. Xu?
Mr. Xu once saved my life
So today
I'll protect him no matter what.
Just for this little thing
You two have made a mess like this.
Both of you are in Nanzhou City
A figure with a head and a face
Pay attention to the impact
Since that kid made trouble at the wedding
Hit the kid from the Zhao family
Of course, you can't let him go easily
But not to death.
Then let him cut off an arm
Admit your mistake and get out of here
What do you two think of what I said?
Listen to the head of the Nangong family
It's such a big deal
Like how serious
Hurry up and cut off your arm and apologize to the Zhao family